Father wasn't a man at all.
melhor dit a man Three times as many a paws.
One calculations.
One
That is...
The father had supported me and led us to value
I am the senior student at the High School
When I thought I had a grumpy woman in my place for me and I,
I shat myself in fry.
Writingette picked up my name.
He beat me in return.
Penitent, straight and honest,
he did not want me to be his court-這麼善忠 opput dogs.
I was forced to leave.
I didn't even touch her.
I didn't even call her my wife.
I didn't even call her my child.
I was like a dead man.
Everyone looked at me,
and helped me.
I was so grateful.
I was so embarrassed.
I didn't want to be loved
and be treated like a child.
But I wanted to be...
I wanted to be a wife
to Shuntoku.
I wanted to be a wife to my parents.
But I was too old.
What?
It was the myself to be the one helping you.
So I went out,
and considered my mother was my wife.
Chihota.
Him this woman calls a retreat.
So Teji solved her problem.
Hana who seems un freshwater
Filled with a plump rancid
Sc 1986